[Lifecycle Workflows] Beta docs for Public preview (#17782)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/identitygovernance-run-userprocessingresult-get.md

---

> title: "Get User processing Result"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Get userProcessingResult (for a run of a lifecycle workflow)"
```

description: "Get User processing Result of a run object"
author: "AlexFilipin"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

> # Get User processing Result

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Get userProcessingResult (for a run of a lifecycle workflow)
```

Namespace: microsoft.graph.identityGovernance

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Get User processing Result of a [run](../resources/identitygovernance-run.md) object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the user processing result of a [run](../resources/identitygovernance-run.md) object.
```

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|LifecycleWorkflows.Read.All, LifecycleWorkflows.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|LifecycleWorkflows.Read.All, LifecycleWorkflows.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /identityGovernance/lifecycleWorkflows/workflows/{{workflow_id}}/runs/{runId}/userProcessingResults/{userProcessingResultId}
```

## Optional query parameters

> This method supports the `$select`, `$top`, `$orderby`, `$expand`, and `$filter` OData query parameters to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method does not support any OData query parameters to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).
```
